What do you want?
Let me tell you something.
Don't mess around
You forgot that your leg was broken.
Tell you what if you dare to do to me
Make people pull him
spare your life
Please tell me.
Your Shen Dashuai is here
I said I said you would spare me there
You are not qualified to negotiate terms with me.
He's outside saying he's waiting for you to die
I do what I say
I said I'll settle the bill with you in three days.
Let you live a few more days now
Then you just stay here
Don't go anywhere. Did you hear me?
And you.
I won't miss a penny of medical bills
But be careful how you talk to the patient
Yes, yes, it's small. I'll treat your sister.
Please forgive me. Please forgive me.
a while
Li Xuan, I can't see through you more and more
Li Jiayu
You came here alive
Death never ends
You abused your power for evil
How do you want to die?